Big cleanup of attributes (#460)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/attributes.adoc

// Document state: "nightly" for master, "stable" for last two releases,
// "unsupported" for the rest and "satellite" for satellite build
:DocState: nightly

// Versions used in text and code
:ProjectVersion: 2.4
:KatelloVersion: 4.0
:TargetVersion: 6.8
:TargetVersionMaintainUpgrade: 6.8

// The above attribute should point to the GA version number (x.y) for all releases including Beta

> :ProductVersion: 6.9-beta

Author: I think we should probably follow this pattern in this case:

```
:ProjectNameXY: Foreman{nbsp}1.22
:ProjectNameX: Foreman
:ProjectName: Foreman
:ProjectXY: Foreman{nbsp}1.22
:ProjectX: Foreman
:ProjectServer: Foreman{nbsp}server
:Project: Foreman
```

Therefore I would expect something like:

    :ProjectServerXY: Foreman{nbsp}1.22

Or better:

    :ProjectServerXY: Foreman{nbsp}{ProjectVersion}

I can fix that.

> :ProductVersion: 6.9-beta

Author: Actually, I agree but I want to keep this PR without any changes so we can easily test it. Let's do this later.

:ProductVersion: 6.9-beta
:ProductVersionPrevious: 6.8

> :ProductVersionRepoTitle: Beta

Reviewer: Isn't this also a downstream only attribute that should live in Satellite's attributes?
```console
$ rg ProductVersionRepoTitle
guides/common/attributes.adoc
13::ProductVersionRepoTitle: Beta

guides/common/attributes-satellite.adoc
74::project-client-name: Satellite Tools {ProductVersionRepoTitle}
82::ProjectNameXY: Red{nbsp}Hat Satellite{nbsp}{ProductVersionRepoTitle}
85::ProjectXY: Satellite{nbsp}{ProductVersionRepoTitle}
```

Author: Yes, changing.

:SatelliteAnsibleVersion: 2.9
// For Package Manifests etc that will fail the upstream link-checker during the beta see Issue #115 on GitHub
:SpecialCaseProductVersion: 6.8

//
// WHERE ARE MY ATTRIBUTES?
//
// All attributes were moved into separate files:
// * attributes-base.adoc (upstream attributes common for all builds)

> // * attributes-foreman-el.adoc (attributes overridden or unique to the specific build)

Reviewer: Does it make sense to describe the builds here or is that duplication?
```suggestion
// * attributes-foreman-el.adoc (attributes overridden or unique to the build for Foreman on Enterprise Linux)
```

Author: Sure.

:RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion: rhel-7-server-satellite-maintenance-6-beta-rpms
:RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteServerPuppetVersion: rhel-7-server-satellite-6.3-puppet4-rpms

> :RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteCapsulePuppetVersion: rhel-7-server-satellite-capsule-6.3-puppet4-rpms

Reviewer: It feels weird to have this. It's not used anywhere and 6.3 is EOL. Should this at least be moved to a Satellite attributes file that's only included in downstream builds? The moving part refers to all these things, all the way up to TargetVersion.

Author: Agreed, let me move all those RepoRHEL7* attributes into attributes-satellite.adoc alongside with SatelliteSub. These should not be used upstream at all.
